read more: Some things I forgot 
date: Tue Jul 12 10:50:00 -0500 2011 
summary: Had some input on my manifesto, here's some updates.

# What do you think?

I asked a couple of friends what they thought of Manifesto's first part.
Largely their feedback was encouraging, but it was obvious I missed some rather
important issues. 

### Stuff

In some regards I'm taking too much with. Regarding vehicles, I'm moving to one
of the best cities in the world for public transportation. Many people in NY and
around the world have shown that a bicycle year round is a completely valid form
of transportation.  Therefore, it would reason that I could do perfectly fine
with only a bicycle and the subway. That said, however, I'm a little stubborn - I currently own 
a metric crapton of vehicles and paring that down to 3 is pretty epic in and of itself.
I'd like to eventually be comfortable with only the bicycle, but for now, the car (an extremely fuel efficient one)
stays for longer trips outside the metropolitan area where I may need to transport something, and the motorcycle stays
because it's incredibly fun, and useful for longer trips where I may not necessarily need to transport something, but maybe want
to get there quicker than I could on the subway/train or bicycle...

As for more than one of each major class of vehicle? No need. I'll have to fight the urge to keep that other fun bicycle, or 
that special racing motorcycle. Maybe if it can be used as decoration in the workspace.

I also forgot some basic items, like cooking/eating supplies. It's true, I
forgot them because I don't really own that much cookwear or plates, etc. As
I've had the fortune (misfortune?) of living with other people for the last 10
years or so, I've become accustomed to certain things being provided by the
group.  Additionally, I don't really cook that much, I'm OK with washing out one
set of dishes and utensils after each use, etc. I spent a fair amount of time in
the woods...and I eat out a lot. What should the manifesto say about eating?

### Food

Food should be a simple aspect of life, good food prepared well, eaten in moderation. That's obviously the goal.
What's not so obvious is how difficult it can be do eat well. Let's take the boat example. While it's in port, getting
fresh food (fruits, vegetables, meat) is easy. Out at sea? Not so much... Regardless, when it's available, the emphasis 
should be on fresh, raw, local - probably in that order. 

### Other things  

More to come as people raise issues, and I think more on things. In the meantime, enjoy my other silly posts...

-d


edited: Jul 17 19:16 -0500 2011
