read more: Where I'm headed
date: Mon Jul 11 13:19:00 -0500 2011
summary: A lot needs to change in the next 2 months. A move, new space, new opportunities. 

# A little manifesto.
## --or, my latest 5 year plan of action.

I'm moving shortly, to the biggest big city of them all, New York. In the 
ramp-up to this, there are a number of issues to resolve, and I need to get my 
head around them. To that end, this is where I'd like to go.

### Space - for living, and working.

I'll need someplace to sleep -- preferably warm, quiet, and easily accessible 
from where I do work. While there is no hard and fast requirement that these be
different places, over the last some years I have encountered too much 
clutter, smoke, fumes, and noise to try and continue to share a space between 
living and working. The security and noise issues also mandate living by myself
- for the first time in a Loooong time.

In NYC, this is going to mean a small place, hence the minimalist possesion 
plan outlined below. I don't know what kind of space I will find, as it's on 
the hairy edge of being too early to look. However, there are some ideas:

* Loft - this would be a neat place, studio-like, with high ceilings and 
        preferably some outside space.
* Cozy - the smallest place, in a safe building, with good people or no one.
* Boat - this is my favorite idea, but also the least secure, warm, or 
        accessible. I'm not sure that this is viable, but it is appealing -- 
        especially since it will allow for utter nomadicity. 

### Clothing and stuff.

In the style of Fight Club, you will wear leather clothes that will last you
the rest of your life...

I will wear natural, useful materials. Hemp for durability, Linen (flax) for 
the warm season, wool for cold. Leather boots in winter, and barefoot (or as 
close as possible, Huaraches for the win) in summer.

#### Minimize my possessions:

  At most, 
*  1 Car
*  2 Motorcycles (one for fun, one for transport?) - slippery slope
*  2 Bicycles  (same...)
*  2 Computers - one laptop, one desktop/workstation (at work?).
*  1 Stereo system, 1 amp, 2 speakers, any inputs...
      - this is debatable in the smallest of spaces. Only used for entertaining
      if a good set of earphones is available. 
*  14 sets of clothing, plus specialized weather-related gear, hat, gloves...
*  4 pairs of footwear (huaraches, boots, casual, specialized?)
*  1 camera
*  1 PMP - with good headphones

Storage? Don't pay money for it. I have a lot of stuff now. Between now and 
October, I need to absolve myself of most of it. So - new rule - don't buy 
anything new (stuff-wise, food and other consumables are exempt) without 
selling/trashing/giving away two things I currently own. Space is going to be 
extremely tight in the new living space. Work is a little more flexible. I 
want to outline my future workspace, but without much info on how big it is,
etc. - I don't want to commit to too much. My wants/needs for the workspace 
will go in a follow-up post.




