---
title: All Apologies...21 Days Intro
date: 2013-11-03
time: 20:48
tags: habit,organization
---

#### Updates on me, the site, maybe you!

Lots has happened since my last post here, and I thought it time to write a little
bit describing the changes. 

First and foremost, I've left Sensorstar LABS, NYC, and even the contiguous U.S. east
of the rockies. Yes, I've moved to California. San Jose to be exact, and have a new 
group of cool cats I'm working with. Very exciting (for me).

I've almost got my lab all moved in, photos to come when I make something and prove
to myself I've got everything put back together correctly. Living with two housemates
has made quick work of my prior lack of furniture, which is nice. Now to get producing
again ...and it's November. Sad Face.

Well, here's the plan then, since I am in Sunny San Jose (they tell me it rains in the
winter, but I'm gonna jinx myself since it really hasn't yet) - I'm going to try and 
develop a productive habit while I'm still getting some Vitamin D.

READMORE

##### 21 Days to a Better You 

Sounds familiar right? Wouldn't be the first time, but a coworker suggested it and 
who am I to argue? So if it takes 21 days to create a habit, let's make it a good one 
and start today. So I want to produce one thing a day, starting with these 21 days.

Now I need to lay some ground rules, because as with any task, it's easy to cheat. 

I really want to make something useful, meaningful, and constructive toward a larger 
personal goal. So, what kinds of things are we talking about? 

  * Plans 
      A really good detailed plan of attack takes non-trivial effort, and should 
      qualify as a thing to produce.
  * Design
      This can be a dimensioned sketch all the way through a CAD drawing ready for 
      production, but should be completed by the end of the day. A good example 
      would be the vector drawing to laser cut a laptop stand, or a simple circuit
      that I designed and tested for integration to say, the hackable battery.
  * Code
      Some snippet of code that does something useful and builds towards something 
      really cool. The wood database scrapyer code would have qualified.
  * Other
      Maybe something else, a piece of art (sculpture, poem, whatever) that enriches
      my space. Furniture or an addition to something. Written solutions to a Calculus
      or other problem I'm working on . I'm also including blog posts
      here even though it could be a cop-out. A blog by itself would have to be really 
      detailed to qualify. Perhaps instructions or a quick how-to...

So what? Yeah, well, no one reads this anyway so it's an exercise in self improvement. 
Wish me well. Additionally, I won't feel accomplished unless I do a quick write-up about 
that day's accomplishment. That should be the minimum item produced.


D. Logan. Signing off Day 0 of 21. Sunday November 3rd, 2013.

