---
title: Desserts with a kick
date: 2013-11-26
time: 16:54
tags: food,diy,cooking,baking,dessert,alcohol
---

#### Sweets to get your buzz on...
READMORE
  * Tiramisu: coffee and rum or coffee liquer:
      http://www.askchefdennis.com/2011/04/the-best-tiramisu-you-will-ever-make/
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiramisu

  * Rum Balls (or similar sugary small thing with liquor):
    - Without Shell:
        * HOT-SPICED BOURBON BALLS
          Contributed by Matt and Ted Lee
          INGREDIENTS:
          - .25 cup Bourbon
          - 2 tbsp Sorghum syrup, cane syrup, molasses or honey
          - 1.25 cups Powdered sugar, divided
          - 2 tbsp Cocoa powder
          - .5 tsp Cayenne pepper (optional)
          - .25 tsp Ground mace
          - .25 tsp Ground cinnamon
          - .5 tsp Salt
          - 10 oz Vanilla wafers (about 60)
          - 1 cup Coarsely chopped pecans

          PREPARATION:
          In a small bowl, whisk together the bourbon and sorghum syrup until well combined. In a large bowl, sift together 1 cup of the powdered sugar with the cocoa powder, cayenne, mace, cinnamon and salt. Using a wooden spoon or rubber spatula, stir in the bourbon mixture until a smooth, glossy paste forms.


          In a food processor, pulse the vanilla wafers into fine crumbs, about 10 (5-second) pulses. Add the wafer crumbs and pecans to the bourbon mixture and stir until consistently doughy and workable, about 2 minutes.


          Roll the dough into 1-inch balls, roll each ball in the remaining .25 cup powdered sugar, and place on a sheet of waxed paper. Store in the refrigerator in a container with a tight-fitting lid, with a sheet of waxed paper between layers, for up to 4 days.

        * BRANDY, RUM OR BOURBON BALLS   
          - 3 c. finely crushed vanilla wafers, about 75 wafers or 1 lb.
          - 2 c. powdered sugar
          - 1 c. finely chopped nuts
          - 1/4 c. cocoa
          - 1/2 c. desired liquor (rum, brandy, bourbon)
          - 1/4 c. light corn syrup
          - Granulated sugar

          Mix crushed wafers, powdered sugar, nuts, and cocoa. Stir in liquor and corn syrup. Shape mixture into 1 inch balls. Roll in granulated sugar. Refrigerate in tightly covered container several days before serving.
          NOTE: To make it easier for shaping into balls, chill in refrigerator for 1/2 hour before.


    - With Shell:
      - Whiskey Makes Me Frisky Balls 
         http://www.tfisherart.com/?p=3118

