---
title: OCD, some wood for me
date: 2013-01-15
time: 01:24
tags: python, OCD
---
<div class="span9">
<p>
I can be a little OCD sometimes. Maybe just obsessive, I'd probably be cleaner if I was really OCD. ANYWHO - I've been giving some 
thought to making a toolchest. Right now it's just thought as it would take a lot of time and effort and some cash and I'm short on 
most at this stage. POINT IS - a nice toolchest is made of wood. One of my obsessions is materials, and their engineering properties - i.e. 
elastic modulus, density, e.g. strenght to weight ratio. Looking up some strong yet light woods (because toolchests are heavy as balls 
empty), I came upon Sitka Spruce, but it was hard to qualify.   
</p><p>
I found the <a href="http://www.wood-database.com/">Wood Database</a>,
probably the cleanest prettiest site out there
 with data on wood. Yes, MatWeb has info, as do a lot of other places, but this one is pretty. BUT - the information was poorly organized for 
 my purposes. There was no way to list or sort by property.   
</p><p>
So...I found <a href="http://www.scrapy.org">Scrapy</a>, and 6 hours later I had re-learned a lot of python and maybe some regular expressions 
 (though, to be fair, I stil don't know them -- really, at all), and had produced this 
 <a href="/assets/output.csv">csv file</a> which while not pretty, is parseable by say, OpenOffice Calc and I can create a new column for 
 Elastic Modulus divided by Density, or an approximate version of strength to weight ratio. Check this out:

<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup>
<col width="131"/>
<col width="343"/>
<col width="399"/>
</colgroup>
<tr>
<td>
<p>EM/density
</p>
</td>
<td>
<p>latin
</p>
</td>
<td>
<p>name
</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
84193.55

</td>
<td>
 Hundreds of species from the Poaceae family

</td>
<td>
 Bamboo

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
62269.23

</td>
<td>
 Abies procera

</td>
<td>
 Noble Fir

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
62259.26

</td>
<td>
 Abies amabilis

</td>
<td>
 Pacific Silver Fir

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
57142.86

</td>
<td>
 Picea sitchensis

</td>
<td>
 Sitka Spruce

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
57115.38

</td>
<td>
 Abies concolor

</td>
<td>
 White Fir

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
56758.62

</td>
<td>
 Chamaecyparis lawsoniana

</td>
<td>
 Port Orford Cedar, Lawson’s Cypress

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
56303.03

</td>
<td>
 Chlorocardium rodiei (syn. Ocotea rodiei)

</td>
<td>
 Greenheart

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
56240.00

</td>
<td>
 Picea abies

</td>
<td>
 Norway Spruce, European Spruce, German Spruce

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
56206.90

</td>
<td>
 Tsuga heterophylla

</td>
<td>
 Western Hemlock

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55517.24

</td>
<td>
 Picea rubens

</td>
<td>
 Red Spruce, Adirondack Spruce

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55480.00

</td>
<td>
 Abies balsamea

</td>
<td>
 Balsam Fir

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55159.09

</td>
<td>
 Pinus merkusii

</td>
<td>
 Sumatran Pine, Merkus Pine

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55151.52

</td>
<td>
 Magnolia acuminata

</td>
<td>
 Cucumbertree, Cucumber Magnolia

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55040.00

</td>
<td>
 Bagassa guianensis

</td>
<td>
 Tatajuba

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
55000.00

</td>
<td>
 Gonystylus spp.

</td>
<td>
 Ramin

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
54925.93

</td>
<td>
 Abies magnifica

</td>
<td>
 California Red Fir

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
54642.86

</td>
<td>
 Abies grandis

</td>
<td>
 Grand Fir
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
54074.07
</td>
<td>
 Tilia americana
</td>
<td>
 Basswood, American Basswood, Lime, Linden
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
54074.07
</td>
<td>
 Pinus monticola
</td>
<td>
 Western White Pine, Idaho White Pine
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
53666.67
</td>
<td>
 Picea mariana
</td>
<td>
 Black Spruce
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
<colgroup>
<col width="99"/>
</colgroup>
<tr>
<td> 
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</p><p>
Note, bamboo's kinda a dicey one because it's not really available in boards (for my purposes) and it varies a lot. But there's the top 20,
with Sitka right near the top, along with a few surprises. One that I think I'll keep in mind is Greenheart - apparently very 
water-resistant, and incredibly stiff, even though it's far denser than its neighbors. Perfect stuff for skirt boards methinks?
</p><p>
...addendum, if I feel up to it tomorrow I'll link to the source for the spider and maybe update this table with links to the databse...
</p>
</div>
