---
title: Quick Notes on Toshiba UniPro LSI Bridges
date: 2014-04-17 
time: 13:05
tags: aradev,asic,fpga,bga,pcb,ee
---


### Some back of the envelope calculations on the Toshiba UniPro AP and GP bridge chips.

###What do we know?
Current implementation of the bridges is on Lattice ECP3 FPGAs, the one on the 
reference Wi-Fi module for instance (first one I opened in Altium) is the 
LFE3-17EA-8LMG328I-ND (digikey part #) - it's a 17K LUT device with 116 I/O pins
in a 10x10mm csBGA package. The csBGA from Lattice is a 0.5mm pitch package. 

####What else?
Shardul Kazi, SVP at Toshiba mentioned something to the effect of it will be smaller 
in ASIC form, with no definites - but 0.4mm pitch. 

Later, I spoke with Louis Tremblay of FLIR, who was there trying to get people interested 
in a new smartphone-size thermal imager module (CCD+Optics). He had asked Shardul the 
package question that prompted the evasive 0.4mm pitch answer. He was flagged down by 
a Lattice sales rep who mentioned the Objective Design planned for a 7x7mm package. 
Louis remarked that this was still huge, and I agree, in part. The problem is the modules
are effectively on a ~18mm grid, and this chip still takes up 15% of the 1x1 module 
board space -- without accounting for power, support circuitry, and the EPM cutouts!

####What's the best guess and saving grace?
7x7mm actually sounds pretty reasonable. Sure we'd like it to be 5x5mm or smaller, but 
if we expect a similar number of pins, because these bridges have a lot of I/O to deal with 
(I2C, DSI, CSI, etc.), moving to a 0.4mm pitch gets us to around 8x8mm, and so without 
much effort on Toshiba's part, we're pretty close to 7x7mm. The argument will be that 
since an ASIC can have much better organization and internal power routing that many of 
those pins will not be needed, and that's valid. The bridge alone probably does fit in 5x5mm. 

**BUT!** There's a big saving grace that Mr. Kazi made mention of that makes the 7x7mm package 
bearable: the EPM driver. That big honking piece of switching power electronics that 
takes the Endo's floating 3.3-5.5V power rail and boosts it to 28V, stores enough charge for a 
10uS 10A pulse, and sends it through an H-bridge to switch the ElectroPermanent Magnets 
on or off -- is planned to be integrated in the bridge chips. All of a sudden that package 
doesn't seem so huge. 
